feat(auth): Introduce resumable signin guide for the AmplifyJS (#7976)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/connect-your-frontend/sign-in/index.mdx

The `signIn` API response will include a `nextStep` property, which can be used to determine if further action is required. It may return the following next steps:

<InlineFilter
  filters={['angular', 'javascript', 'react', 'nextjs', 'vue', 'android']}
>

>   - `CONFIRM_SIGN_IN_WITH_NEW_PASSWORD_REQUIRED` - The user was created with a

Reviewer: is prettier being run on this file? if we separate the prose from the components tags with a newline it may work

Author: I'm Sorry. I think it ran automatically on the file, I'll revert it

}

```
<Callout info>

> **Note:** The Amplify authentication flow will persist relevant session data throughout the lifespan of a page session, enabling the `confirmSignIn` API to be leveraged even after a full page refresh in a multi-page application, such as when redirecting from a login page to a sign in confirmation page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** The Amplify authentication flow will persist relevant session data throughout the lifespan of a page session. This enables the `confirmSignIn` API to be leveraged even after a full page refresh in a multi-page application, such as when redirecting from a login page to a sign in confirmation page.
```
